U.S. ohtomi
happened legendary
However,
as to be destroyed
and asvoir
is no ending
It is beiden
W창
of the weapons
겁
Donnie
W Ö
At last
I
If you are going to cross the river,
there is no need to waste time, mother.
Please wait for the time to come.
From the day you raised your voice,
your father taught you,
that because you were born a man,
you should be a soldier.
Please become a warrior's mirror.
The
Japanese Army
The Japanese Army
In the middle of the Pacific,
the enemy's ship sank.
The ship I was talking about,
was a small leaf in the shadow of the ship.
Your power
was there.
When you fought,
the tears of the blue military ship
were like honey.
The joy of being born in Japan
was filled with hot blood.